Problem Statement

Creating a power dialer here.
The users are agents for which the system dials from a pool of leads.
Given that a subset of the outbound dials fails (e.g voicemail, no answer etc.),
we set the DIAL_RATIO=2; i.e for each agent, dial 2 leads at any point in time.
This increases the Agent Utilization (% of time the agent is on a call)
while maintaining a small Abandon Rate (% calls abandoned because no agent was
available to take it)

How do I run it?

1. Download sqllite4java-282.zip from https://bitbucket.org/almworks/sqlite4java/downloads/
and place it in your java classpath (/Library/Java/Extensions/ on OSX). This is needed
to estabish a local instance of DynamoDB table used for running unit tests.

2. An IDE to run the java project. Import it as a maven project.


Assumptions and workflow
1. An agent can continuously make calls.
2. The client/lambda handler should retry when the PowerDialer cannot find any AVAILABLE leads.
3. A lead by default is assigned to "NONE" agent.
4. An agent login action results in putting 2 AVAILABLE leads in his calling queue.
5. The leads placed in an Agent's calling queue cannot be picked up by any other agent unless abandoned by the assignee.
6. Whenever a call starts, an agent transitions into ENGAGED status and the lead status turns to ENGAGED
7. Whenever a call completes, the power dialer:
 - Marks the lead as COMPLETE
 - Dials the next call in agent's queue
 - Actively looks for any AVAILABLE leads and assigns it to the agent under QUEUED status.
8. Whenever a call fails, the power dialer:
- Resets the status of lead to AVAILABLE so that it becomes available in the pool
- Unassigns the agent from it
- Dials the next call in agent's queue
- Actively looks for any AVAILABLE leads and assigns it to the agent under QUEUED status.
9. When an agent logs out, the Power dialer ensures that he is not ENGAGED in a call or else fails the action. 
If the agent is not ENGAGED in a call, the power dialer resets all the leads in the Agent's queue and marks the
Agent status as OFF_DUTY
